(📚) readme: fix install command (#60)
mypyc/mypy_mypyc-wheels: README.md

https://github.com/mypyc/mypy_mypyc-wheels/actions

You can use pip to install these wheels like so:
```bash

> pip install --upgrade --find-links https://github.com/mypyc/mypy_mypyc-wheels/releases mypy

Author: ```
👉 pip install --upgrade --find-links https://github.com/mypyc/mypy_mypyc-wheels/releases mypy --dry-run --no-cache --no-index
Defaulting to user installation because normal site-packages is not writeable
Looking in links: https://github.com/mypyc/mypy_mypyc-wheels/releases
Collecting mypy
  Downloading https://github.com/mypyc/mypy_mypyc-wheels/releases/download/v0.990%2Bdev.4ccfca162184ddbc9139f7a3abd72ce7139a2ec3/mypy-0.990%2Bdev.4ccfca162184ddbc9139f7a3abd72ce7139a2ec3-cp310-cp310-manylinux_2_17_x86_64.manyli
nux2014_x86_64.whl (18.2 MB)
```
This is a compiled wheel right? What do you get when you run this?

> pip install --upgrade --find-links https://github.com/mypyc/mypy_mypyc-wheels/releases mypy

Reviewer: i have the exact same output as @KotlinIsland

# If you need a specific version, specify the url as follows

> pip install --upgrade --find-links https://github.com/mypyc/mypy_mypyc-wheels/releases/expanded_assets/v0.990+dev.4ccfca162184ddbc9139f7a3abd72ce7139a2ec3 mypy

Author: ```
👉 pip install --upgrade --find-links https://github.com/mypyc/mypy_mypyc-wheels/releases/expanded_assets/v0.990+dev.4ccfca162184ddbc9139f7a3abd72ce7139a2ec3 mypy --
dry-run --no-cache --no-index
Looking in links: https://github.com/mypyc/mypy_mypyc-wheels/releases/expanded_assets/v0.990+dev.4ccfca162184ddbc9139f7a3abd72ce7139a2ec3
Collecting mypy
  Downloading https://github.com/mypyc/mypy_mypyc-wheels/releases/download/v0.990%2Bdev.4ccfca162184ddbc9139f7a3abd72ce7139a2ec3/mypy-0.990%2Bdev.4ccfca162184ddbc9139f7a3abd72ce7139a2ec3-cp310-cp310-manylinux_2_17_x86_64.manyli
nux2014_x86_64.whl (18.2 MB)
```
Strange, I'll update it with a fall back option.

> pip install --upgrade --find-links https://github.com/mypyc/mypy_mypyc-wheels/releases/expanded_assets/v0.990+dev.4ccfca162184ddbc9139f7a3abd72ce7139a2ec3 mypy

Author: Hows that look?

> pip install --upgrade --find-links https://github.com/mypyc/mypy_mypyc-wheels/releases/expanded_assets/v0.990+dev.4ccfca162184ddbc9139f7a3abd72ce7139a2ec3 mypy

Reviewer: i have the exact same output as @KotlinIsland, using windows

https://github.com/mypyc/mypy_mypyc-wheels/actions

You can use pip to install these wheels like so:
```bash
pip install --upgrade --find-links https://github.com/mypyc/mypy_mypyc-wheels/releases/ mypy
# If you need a specific version, specify the url as follows
pip install --upgrade --find-links https://github.com/mypyc/mypy_mypyc-wheels/releases/expanded_assets/v0.990+dev.4ccfca162184ddbc9139f7a3abd72ce7139a2ec3 mypy
```

> Unfortunately, these options may not work, and could instead install a source dist or the wrong version.
> In this case you will need to manually select the wheel you wish to install: navigate to the release page and copy
> the url of the correct wheel.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The above options may not work (and have broken in the past) since they depend on Github's HTML
and pip doing the correct thing. If you're looking for a relatively bulletproof solution,
navigate to the appropriate release page, manually select the wheel you wish to install and copy
the URL of the correct wheel:
```
